W-12668701-Update-alert-limit-explanation-CP (#429)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: gateway/1.5/modules/ROOT/pages/flex-use-api-alerts.adoc

To track and manage APIs, you can add one or more API alerts to your API instances. Add different <<types, types of alerts>> based on your requirements.

> In the following table, you can learn the amount and type of alerts per API instance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table explains the amount and types of alerts per API instance:
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

[%header%autowidth.spread]
|===

> | User | Non-Active Alerts | Active Alerts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|Subscription | Non-Active Alerts | Active Alerts
```

Author: OK! Thanks!

| Gold | No limit | Up to 6
| Platinum | No limit | Up to 6
| Titanium | No limit | Up to 10
|===

Pausing or deleting an active alert enables you to create new alerts if you have reached the maximum number of active alerts. 

> Alerts are enabled by default when they are created and this setting cannot be modified.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alerts are enabled by default when created. This setting cannot be modified.
```

Author: OK! Thanks!
